# Agenda - week 7

Date: 		    22th March 2022\
Time: 		    14:45-15:45\
Main Focus:		Development Week\
Chairman: 		Ye Zhao\
Secretary:		Max Tanis

## Opening

## Approval of the agenda
- Quick look up through the agenda items, see if there is anything missing.

## Short Reflection
- How did this week go? What has each one of us done over the last period of time? What is not working?
    - recap of everyone's merge requests from this week 
    - some are still in review and are not part of main yet
- We made a short demonstration of the application so far - connecting to server, starting the game, receiving questions and some answer functionality, but still with lots of visible bugs.
- Regarding our progress over the past week and the requirements for the upcoming week: Are we on track? What should our focus be for the upcoming week?
    - we are falling behind in terms of code and need to catch up. 

## Items addressed by the TA
- On Max dropping out 
    - sharing our point of view on our interactions so far with Max, especially when planning team meetings, etc.
    - he did not speak out or propose alternative times when we were scheduling our meetings 
    - when assigning tasks, we believe we assigned him a fair task and that we made it clear to him. 
- Feedback to our development process thus far
    - do not have bulky tasks or big merges once a week, split into smaller tasks and merges more often 
    - make sure merges are done by sunday/monday
    - milestones must be used appropriately - our current Sprint 3 is at 54 percent complete. 
    - amount of code is concerning - we are really running behind. Things have to be equally shared among team members - right now Karol and Sucharitha have the majority 'lines of code', others need to catch up.
    - all of the MUST haves and the majority of the SHOULDs should be implemented by week 9.

## Development Details
- How have code reviews been going?
    - we must split the approvals and comments equally over everyone
    - this week we still have some merge requests still in review, in future we must ensure they are merged timely by Monday or Sunday
- What are the next steps we need to take in the development of the application?
- Does everyone feel satisfied with their role and tasks in the development process?

## Action points for next week
- Sprint planning and create issues for the next sprint
- Assignment 5B - due next week

## Discussing with the TA - planning to get back on track 
- What can we finish reasonably in the next two weeks?
- Overview of the issues still to be done on frontend:
    - Admin panel and leaderboard
    - Image rendering and artistic improvement
    - Multiplayer controllers and wiring
- On backend:
    - Service for leaderboard and for admin panel
    - Image hosting
- We will discuss more in our sprint planning. 

## Additional points or questions
- Time to discuss any additional points that were not included in the agenda.

## Questions for the TA
- Any remaining questions for the TA, including additional comments or questions from the TA to the group.

## Feedback
- Feedback round about the overall group performance, chairman and secretary.
- Choose the chairman and secretary for next week.

## Closing
