#Minutes of the meeting - week 3.3

Date:           22 Feb 2022, Tuesday\
Main focus:     HCI draft, starting with development\
Chairman:       Sucharitha Rajesh\
Secretary:      Ioan-Mihnea Hedea 

#Opening
- 	We stood up for reflecting on the last week.
-	Everything went good with the backlog
-	Issue with the closed issues, which have to be converted to epics (important to have them converted)
#Short reflection
-	General remarks on what we have done.
-	No important things other that that
#Items addressed by the TA
-	Code of Conduct observations (See TA's comments) (BEFORE MONDAY)
-	Backlog was very good
#TA's comments on the Code of Conduct
-	We do not have a description of the assignment
-	Clear overview of the tasks (our tasks)
-	Target that does not have to be based on a grade
-	Deliverables are not specifically mentioned, stated
-	Concrete standards for these deliverables
-	Planning contains no directions for divided work (has to be clearly stated)
-	Who is responsible for delivering deliverables? For all the documents.
-	Behavior part has no social skills mentioned (Who works on backend and frontend?)
-	How do we handle disagreements (oh my, we were so close to pass…)?
-	How do we proceed when we have disagreements? A vote is not enough. Compliance has to be enforced? Is the TA the deciding instance? What scenarios can arise?
-	Commitment part has no quality rubric for deciding what is part of it. We have to decide what fits as quality work. Is good enough to have it submitted? Does the agenda, for example, have any quality evaluation?
-	Decision making question has to be developed as noted above. 
-	If the agreement is not kept for minor things, do we go to the TA? Is it the best choice? Internal tolerance can be more beneficial than going to the ‘boss’.
Backlog feedback
-	No points made here.
#HCI Draft 
-	One endpoint by Friday
-	Information about this on the website
-	Recommended to have one of each type (GET, PUT, DELETE, etc.)
-	20% of the grade
-	Sketches available from the chairwoman
-	We will work on these. They will be cleared and posted as a PDF
-	Task division needed. We have to submit it by Friday. (Saturday)
-	Design: Sucharitha -> good work so far
-	Ioan: Introduction
-	Experts, Procedure, Measures: Rauno
-	Results: Ye
-	Conclusions and Improvements: Max
-	Final review: Karol
#Development details 
-	All people have done the required programming work
-	The backlog was undergoing some changes, so that we organized a call
-	Preparation for lectures and assignments
-	Ensuring the project runs 
-	Sucharitha and I prepared for the specific roles
-	Rewatching the lectures a second time.

#Items addressed by the TA
-	Good GitLab
-	Compact and small issues (one max 2 people allocated on an issue)
-	Time estimations for these (due dates, estimations decided by all people)
-	Labels to epics observation: Label mentioning priority, functionality, etc.
-	Keeping track of the place of the items.
-	Approvals should be split equally
-	Comments have to be specific and helpful
-	There is always something to improve on
-	Assignment 3 does not have a rubric
-	Template on the endpoint

#Additional points or questions
-	16:00 is the time for Thursday
-	Postpone Sprint for next week
-	Code of Conduct can be adjusted online
-	Split the work to make it online and organize everything to fit for all people.
#Questions for the TA
-	No additional questions
#Feedback
-	No feedback 
-	Chairman: Ioan-Mihnea Hedea
-	Secretary: Rauno.
#Closing


