# Minutes of the meeting - week 4.1

Date:           15-03-2022\
Main focus:     Development Week\
Chairman:       Rauno Arike\
Secretary:      Ye Zhao

## Opening
TA's opening remarks
- quick reiview for last 2 weeks

## Approval of the agenda
All members have seen the agenda. No additional points to add.

## Short reflection
- Everyone fixed HCI report and finished Buddycheck.
- Karol worked on Sprint, module class backend.
- Rauno worked on controllers on service side implementing websockets.
- Sucharitha added main controllers for current demo.
- Ye worked on the scenes of multiplayer mode.
- Max worked on question screens, met problems but will fix it soon. 
- Mihnea worked on question generation service from backend.

## TA's feedback on our work
Hearing the TA's feedback. May include questions to the TA.
- Quick feedback session over the rubric:
    - Split the issue smaller, at most 2 people to solve one issue.
    - there should be enough classes for everyone to work on
    - It's better for everyone coding fairly even if we are pair-programming.
- Progress: a little slow, better to finish before week 8.
- Some people are behind on coding.
- Everynoe should commit/merge evenly. 
- Weekly task better be finished before Monday or Sunday.
- EVERYONE MUST have at least one merge request each week, which will show in git report. 
- Estimates
    - estimates to tasks is missing, (1 or 2h) to see everyone's working time.
    - do estimates before development (during sprint planning) and then adjust it afterwards if needed.
    - it should be used to divide a fair share of tasks.
- BUDDYCHECK
    - TA will not grade them, no major problems. We can individually act on the feedback we received.
    - Keep in mind there is one more assignment 5B (self-reflection), not due immediately but work on it over the coming weeks.
    - Comments on the course that we gave will be given to the professors.

## Code style 
- Comments
    - add comments inside code, including for controllers on the backend
    - comments on methods, describing the interactions to help outsiders understand and work on it.
    - comments on code review needed, everyone should comment.
- Pipeline
    - avoid too much pipeline failure, including personal branches. try to fix pipelines more often.
    - build project on your own computer before pushing your commits;
    - push commits in a branch when the build runs well, not one by one resulting in a number of pipeline fails.
- Test coverage 
    - aim to be consistent, not everything in the last week of development
    - some testing in every week 
- REST should be the majority.

## Final deliverables for presentation
- Demo video, going through the application and showing the functionalities.
- Everyone will explain some part of the code.
    - talk about our design choice
    - special features that we implemented, things that we want to highlight in our code
    - why we picked some features as Coulds and some as Shoulds, the reasoning behind it.

## Additional points
- Finish MUSTS next week, set an internal deadline
    - inform the TA about it if we set an internal deadline.
    - save time for SHOULDs and COULDs (for a good grade)
- FASTER ON CODING.
- Having a dev branch 
    - MRs to dev don't count towards grading, only to main
    - if we are using a dev we need to inform the TA so she can look at its MRs/pipelines 
    - we do not have authorisations for creating a proper protected dev branch.
    
- Chairman for next week - Ye
- Secretary for next week - Max

## Questions to the TA
No specific questions remaining.

## Closing
