# Minutes of the meeting - week 2.1

Date:           15-02-2022\
Main focus:     Backlog, Code of Conduct, Teamwork organization\
Chairman:       Karol Jurski\
Secretary:      Sucharitha Rajesh

## Opening
TA's opening remarks 
- git assignment and teamwork assignment have been done by all members
- backlog must be submitted on brightspace and as issues on gitlab by this Friday
- HCI draft coming up on week 3 Friday, final deadline is week 4 Friday 
- Teamwork 2A and 2B also upcoming this Friday
- expecting everyone to merge to the actual repository by this week - can be as simple as adding your name

## Approval of the agenda
All members have seen the agenda. No additional points to add.

## Short reflection
Last week went pretty good. Happy that most of us are here physically. 

## TA's feedback on the backlog draft
Hearing the TA's feedback. May include questions to the TA.
(Best one!)
- few things in Could should be moved to Should 
    - ex. user can score more points for faster answers - this is a key Should
- expected to have more Musts than Shoulds and Coulds, try to move more points up to Must
- suggestion to use tags for priority on git issues - representing must, could and should;representing backend and frontend; or other categorizations

## What we have done this week 
- worked on the git assignment, Ye faced difficulties on merging and branches
- preparing and following the lectures 
- worked on the teamwork assignments and the draft backlog
- Karol as chairman came up with the agenda 

## Teamwork organization
Discussion on the teamwork organization and usage of Scrum.
- sprint duration - one week 
- meeting schedule - 3 PM this Thursday 
- sprint planning, sprint review, sprint retrospective - every week on Thursday 
- document sharing tools (Git or Google Docs) - vote in favour of git. 
- Agendas will be put up by the chairman on the git before meeting, minutes by the secretary after the meeting

## Development organization
Discussion on the details of the development workflow.
- git workflow
    - main should contain only the complete, ready features that have been checked
    - additional "development" branch is where we merge features 
    - feature branches where members work on separate features and create merge requests to the development branch
    - The TA will check the main branch, so every week we push from development to main - either by Sunday (midnight) or by Monday (6 PM), this way it can be inspected by the TA
- code reviews 
    - using comments on the merge requests - good to have a record of what reviews and suggestions are being made, also visible to the TA this way 
    - also can be brought up during meetings for more in-person discussions on code review. 
- definition of done
    - per user story. Each user story (written up as an issue) can have a checklist of subtasks under it. When all the subtasks are ticked off, the issue is moved to done. 
    - can also create standalone issues for subtasks and complete those individually. 
    - try out both approaches during creation of backlog and see which one works better.
    - for a user story to be considered done, all the subissues need to be closed / all items on the checklist are ticked off. 
    - some amount of testing coverage is required to mark as done - exact amount will be decided later. 
    - merged to dev is considered done, no need to wait for weekly merge to main.
- IDEs
    - everyone works on their own preferred IDEs.
- Checkstyle 
    - checkstyle is available for the IDEs being used. 
    - rules need to be agreed upon by the team. 
        - how many characters per line?
        - tabs or spaces?
        - are if-else statements allowed to be in a single-line? 
    - preferrable to use an existing template for checkstyle and modify it if needed. 
        - TUDelft template provided by the TA

## Questions to the TA
No specific questions remaining. 

## Other agenda items
Remaining items on the agenda moved to Thursday's meeting. Topics to be covered then:
- Preparation of the code of conduct
- Completion of backlog
    - adjusting the draft according to the TA's feedback
    - creating more detailed tasks for each of the user stories
    - importing the backlog to Gitlab, setting up the issues board
- Checkstyle     

## Additional points
- Separate agendas were prepared by the TA and the team this week, from next week we coordinate to create a single agenda.
- Chairman for next week - Sucharitha
- Secretary for next week - Ioan

## Action points 
Uploads required by the end of the week - 
- agenda and minutes of this meeting
- code of conduct
- final backlog (as issues on gitlab)
Later - 
HCI assignment draft (due at end of week 3.3) 

## Additional questions
No additional questions.

## Closing
