# Minutes of the meeting - week 4.1

Date:           01-03-2022\
Main focus:     HCI Assignment, Sprint Week, Development Week\
Chairman:       Ioan-Mihnea Hedea\
Secretary:      Rauno Arike

## Opening
TA's opening remarks
- From next week onwards, we should show the TA a demo about what we've coded in the previous week.

## Approval of the agenda
All members have seen the agenda. No additional points to add.

## Short reflection
- Everyone worked on the code of conduct and HCI assignment.
- Mihnea wrote the introduction of the HCI report, Rauno the methods part, Ye the results part and Max the conclusion part. Sucharitha worked on making the prototype and communicating with the partner group. Karol put everything together and reviewed the report in the end.
- Karol worked on the Checkstyle document.
- Rauno and Karol built the endpoint.

## TA's feedback on what we have done this week
Hearing the TA's feedback. May include questions to the TA.
- Testing: we're planning to get 60%-70% test coverage. If something is not unit tested, it won't be graded. We don't need any other types of tests aside from unit tests. Controllers, methods, etc must be tested.
- The code of conduct is fine now.
- HCI: mostly fine, should add a quick description of the prototype to someone not knowing what the OOPP is. Measures - which issue the heuristic belongs to - the thing you're getting back from the people should belong to some heuristic. Frequency and severity should be defined more explicitly. E.g. if severity is over some threshold, the issue is urgent for us. The table should be bigger. Conclusion - rank improvements to be made by severity. Link the improvements to the new images. A bit more organization.
- API endpoint: alright, but should have been something more practical and functional. Next week, connect the endpoint to a database if possible.
- Checkstyle: the fact that it has this many requirements is good, now need to fix the template code to be compliant with our Checkstyle.

## Development details
Discussion on the details of the development workflow.
- Really need to start working on coding this week.
- Code review: 2 people need to review and approve, the creator of the merge request himself can't approve, the creator of the merge request merges.
- Definition of done: the TA suggests us to use the dev branch to have a functioning main branch all the time. We decided to use dev and to make it not protected to be able to revert merge requests by consensus. Something is done when it has been merged to dev, as being merged implies being approved, code reviewed, tested, compliant with checkstyle requirements, etc.
- Division of work: we don't make a hard division between who works on frontend and who on backend. We make a natural division and make switches every week so that some people who previously worked
- Question bank: submit on Friday. Sucharitha, Max and Ye will work on making the questions.

## Action points or questions
Uploads required by the end of the week:
- the final HCI report
- our contribution to the question bank
Week 5 - must keep the buddycheck deadline in mind.

## Additional points
- Buddycheck: mandatory next week. Information on Brightspace. Deadline 11th of March at midnight.
- HCI report was finished a bit late, but we received the evaluation late, so it was difficult to do it at a better time.
- Chairman for next week - Rauno
- Secretary for next week - Ye

## Questions to the TA
No specific questions remaining.

## Closing